c:\users\hari\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MongoSample\MongoSample\bin\Debug\MongoSample.exe.config
c:\users\hari\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MongoSample\MongoSample\obj\Debug\MongoSample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hari\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MongoSample\MongoSample\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\hari\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MongoSample\MongoSample\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\hari\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MongoSample\MongoSample\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\hari\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MongoSample\MongoSample\obj\Debug\MongoSample_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\hari\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MongoSample\MongoSample\obj\Debug\MongoSample.g.resources
c:\users\hari\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MongoSample\MongoSample\obj\Debug\MongoSample.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\hari\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MongoSample\MongoSample\obj\Debug\MongoSample.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\hari\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MongoSample\MongoSample\bin\Debug\MongoSample.exe
c:\users\hari\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MongoSample\MongoSample\bin\Debug\MongoSample.pdb
c:\users\hari\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MongoSample\MongoSample\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.pdb
c:\users\hari\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MongoSample\MongoSample\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
c:\users\hari\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MongoSample\MongoSample\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.pdb
c:\users\hari\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MongoSample\MongoSample\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
c:\users\hari\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MongoSample\MongoSample\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.pdb
c:\users\hari\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MongoSample\MongoSample\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
c:\users\hari\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MongoSample\MongoSample\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.pdb
c:\users\hari\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MongoSample\MongoSample\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.xml
c:\users\hari\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MongoSample\MongoSample\obj\Debug\MongoSample.exe
c:\users\hari\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MongoSample\MongoSample\obj\Debug\MongoSample.pdb
c:\users\hari\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MongoSample\MongoSample\obj\Debug\MongoSample.exe.licenses
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MongoSample\MongoSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Images.v14.2.dll
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MongoSample\MongoSample\obj\Debug\AdminAddDialog.baml
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MongoSample\MongoSample\obj\Debug\AdminAddDialog.g.cs
